What's wrong with grandma's overseas channels?
This channel was personally negotiated by Ye Feng
Didn't Willy International already sign the contract?
Have you agreed to cooperate with our Shangguan family?
Where did Ye Feng get such great ability?
He interviewed Wiley International
You let it out
Boss Gong
I don't know what you're thinking yet
Fei Long, don't you know?
Willy International doesn't know why.
Abruptly discard funds
The industry of sniping officials
But with the economic strength of the official family
Must be suppressed by Willy International
he
I don't know why.
The official family actually invited
Xie Xianqing, President of Daxia Chamber of Commerce
Offer financial assistance
Daxia Chamber of Commerce
This is a collection of all the top domestic enterprises
Huge funds
They have entered
The official family immediately got a respite
Even Xie Xianqing's friend, the director of finance and health
Bai Yongyao also has power to help
Now it has been fully countered by Power International
The goods they get can't get out or get in
Our Shangguan family was also implicated
How could this be?
Does the old woman regret it now?
Your Shangguan family
You should have received the news by now.
Oh, if I didn't make it difficult for you
As long as you Shangguan family let Shangguan Linglong
Go to the door in person to apologize
I could consider letting you live
But this time there is no positive treatment
At most, be a plaything, hehehe
It's all you dead girl
make up your own mind
That's why our Shangguan family has fallen to such a state
Guan Mingcheng said
As long as you apologize in person
He agreed
Stop the joint suppression of Wiley International
personally apologize
He can't even think about it.